The 2014 Trafficking in Persons Report placed Thailand in a group known as Tier Three. That is the lowest rating among 23 countries that U.S. officials say are not doing enough to stop modern slavery.　　
The report tells about the tens of thousands of migrants to Thailand. Many of these people are forced to work in Thailand’s fishing industry or the sex trade. The Tier Three listing opens up Thailand and others to possible American sanctions.　　
The State Department studied 188 countries, including the United States. The report is aimed at forcing governments to take steps to help the estimated 20 million victims of modern slavery.　　
Secretary of State John Kerry spoke to reporters in Washington last Friday. He called human trafficking one of the greatest threats to human dignity and freedom.　　“It is a call to action to governments and citizens around the world to uncover modern slavery and hold it accountable, to identify the victims, to bring their abusers to justice. There cannot be impunity for those who traffic human beings. It must end.”　　
U.S. officials noted some hopeful news in the report this year. The State Department named 10 heroes in the effort to stop trafficking. They include Beatrice Jedy-Agba of Nigeria. She is the head of Nigeria’s National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking. Officials praised her efforts to help trafficking victims rejoin Nigerian society. They also praised her work with other nations to deal with trafficking in Africa.　　
“I made a connection with those victims that I met, and I thought I’m going to help them through this and I’m going to make sure nobody else has to go through this ever again.”　　
Secretary of State Kerry said he hopes more people and governments will answer his “call to action” – to fight what he calls the scourge of modern slavery. I’m Caty Weaver.
Thinking is necessary if you want to successd in life.people fear that thinking may upset their comfort and self-satifaction. thinking needsconstant practice with enthusiasm, enthusiasm generates interest and susutains thinking.and concentration will help us from a clear picture in our minds of the ultimate objective.　　Thinking should be constanted and continuous. with concentration,we can arrange thoughtsin order and become a rapid thinker. it is also important to develop organised thinking learningto think of different things one by one in order.we can stimulate thinking power by taking partin serious conversations or discussion and defending our positions so that it will drive us tothink more clearly and objectively. reading books and magazines will also help us in the processof formulating ideas.　　Positive thinking has a tremendous influence over others with whom we come intocontact,people who succeed inproving their thinking power enrich themselves.
Growth is happy, because someone growth of relaxed and happy; Because someone grow carefree; Someone because of happy and happy growth. And because of growing step by step closer to my dreams and be happy.　　
I always have a big not distant dream, that is to become a photographer. This dream is derived from a program on TV, that program recorded the working process of different photographers - war reporter through the smoke fire, record the cruelty of war; Entertainment reporters crowded into the crowd, for many fans to provide a large star cafe many gossip; News reporters in the great hall of the people, to record the President, the representatives of the wonderful speech; To the reporters who specialise in nature photography is risking the danger of various natural disasters and passive plant damage record the dribs and drabs of nature. I was then think photographer is a small but indispensable role, wish with all my heart to become a photographer.　　
When elementary school, the father bought one of the most simple camera, I often excited and curious to play with it. Every weekend, I have time to go to the park to take photos, at the expense of the break time to write my homework, just for Saturday and Sunday can be carefree for photography.　　
After secondary school, my photography has some increase, also joined the school photography club. Every corporate practice of photography, the spring and autumn period and the swimming, sports, art festival, science festival activities such as I will not waste, will be for each photography earnestly. One day, I suddenly in my subscription to a magazine to see a familiar pictures, that is a picture of me! I'm boiling inside. The magazine my photo! I dream a step closer! A whole afternoon, I immersed in happiness and excitement, but I didn't so proud and complacent, because I this result for the dream to become a photographer is only a small step forward, become a photographer's dream is still a long way from me.　　
I grew up is happy, because I have a dream, because I step by step closer to my dream. Dream is like a "lift" shortcut "skyscraper", grow up just like that can't see the top of the ladder, although it is impossible to expect success, but step by step on the top floor. Is the happiness, isn't it?